Missing Number
==============

The Problem
-----------
Please write a program which finds the missing number in a sequential series of numbers. The program should: 

1. Accept a flat file as input.
	1. Each new line will contain a set of sequential numbers with one number missing. 
	2. Each series will be comma delimited and in a random order
2. Output the missing number for each series

Sample Input
------------
1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,12

24,26,27,29,28

1,2,4,5

99,100,101,102,103,104,105,107

109,105,107,108,106,110,112,111,118,116,115,114,117

Sample Output
-------------
11

25

3

106

113

Additional Information
---------------------
This exercise is used to help us get a better picture of how you approach and solve for a given problem.  Your submission will be evaluated based on a variety of criteria including, but not limited to, product quality, demonstrated knowledge of system design and coding best practices, completeness, and ease of use from a consumer and engineering teammate perspective.  The completed solution should give us a good picture of your abilities and style, so feel free to use the programming language and tools with which you are most comfortable. 

Prior to submission, please fork this repository.  If your solution includes code auto generated by a development tool, please use an additional commit to clearly separate it from your own work.  When you have completed your solution, please issue a pull request to notify us that you are ready. 

Have fun!
